Turkish medical staff in estanbul are
walking in solidarity with
Gaza they say the flags they carry and
the blood splattered gowns they wear
speak for the Palestinian victims of
Israel's
war YF al- makad is a journalist who
grew up in gaza's jabalia refugee camp
he fled the horrors of War 2 years ago
and settled in a stumble this is me and
my mom my dad on the night of October
the 14th a week into Israel's offensive
he lost 21 relatives in Gaza 12 of them
members of his immediate family he says
they had left the North and taken refuge
in El noat refugee camp in central Gaza
but that too was bombarded I feel lost I
feel like disabled I feel like I I live
in a surreal
dream I feel like Earth is not sefer or
flat it is just unjust
it is unjust and the pain I live in is
beyond the human
capacity yousef's sister who is still in
Northern Gaza refuses to move fearing a
similar fate who will convince them to
evacuate it because my family did and
they got bummed in the
South even the hospitals are not safe
for Palestinians the protesters here
accuse Israel of committing war crimes
by targeting health facilities in Gaza
the Turkish doctors's silent walk
demonstration is an appeal to the
International Community to take action
against
[Music]
Israel Neil Al Hussein has lived in Gaza
since
1997 a dual citizen she was evacuated to
Egypt then to turkey with her family on
November the
18th this was the view from her flat
just before it was destroyed the family
left when they heard Israeli forces
would be targeted their
neighborhood Neil says she packed up 27
years of memories into a small backpack
and cried all the way along the
so-called safe Corridor to the
South we were hit on what was supposed
to be the safe route thankfully nothing
happened but they did hit people before
us we saw corpses and body parts some of
which were covered there was a heavy
smell there were many dead people buried
beneath the rubble and they are unable
to extract
[Music]
them they may not be in Gaza anymore but
these Palestinians feel pain and loss
just as acutely some watch anxiously at
what is unfolding back home While others
focus on their loved ones who have
survived cam Kulu El
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer